#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/base.txt requirements/base.in
#
attrs==21.2.0
    # via pytest
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   django-fluent-contents
    #   fluentcms-emailtemplates
brotlipy==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.6
    # via brotlipy
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via requests
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   pytest-cov
django==2.2.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-contrib-comments
    #   django-healthchecks
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-ranged-response
    #   django-redis
    #   django-simple-captcha
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-webmaster-verification
django-admin-tools==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-dashboard
django-analytical==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-any-imagefield==1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-any-urlfield==2.6.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via fluentcms-emailtemplates
django-axes==5.23.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-categories-i18n==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-blogs
django-contrib-comments==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-comments
    #   django-threadedcomments
django-crispy-forms==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-comments
    #   fluentcms-contactform
django-environ==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-filebrowser-no-grappelli==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-fluent-blogs==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-fluent-comments==3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-fluent-contents[code,markup,oembeditem,text]==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-blogs
    #   fluentcms-button
    #   fluentcms-contactform
    #   fluentcms-cookielaw
    #   fluentcms-countdown
    #   fluentcms-emailtemplates
    #   fluentcms-file
    #   fluentcms-googlemaps
    #   fluentcms-jumbotron
    #   fluentcms-link
    #   fluentcms-pager
    #   fluentcms-privatenotes
    #   fluentcms-teaser
    #   fluentcms-twitterfeed
django-fluent-dashboard==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-fluent-pages==2.0.7
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-fluent-utils==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-blogs
    #   django-fluent-contents
    #   django-fluent-pages
    #   fluentcms-emailtemplates
django-geoposition==0.3.0
    # via fluentcms-googlemaps
django-gravatar2==1.4.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-healthchecks==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ipware==4.0.0
    # via django-axes
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via django-mptt
django-mptt==0.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-categories-i18n
    #   django-fluent-pages
    #   django-polymorphic-tree
django-parler==2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-categories-i18n
    #   django-fluent-blogs
    #   django-fluent-contents
    #   django-fluent-pages
    #   fluentcms-emailtemplates
django-phonenumber-field==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   fluentcms-contactform
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-contents
    #   django-fluent-pages
    #   django-polymorphic-tree
django-polymorphic-tree==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-pages
django-ranged-response==0.2.0
    # via django-simple-captcha
django-redis==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-simple-captcha==0.5.14
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-slug-preview==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-blogs
    #   django-fluent-pages
django-staff-toolbar==1.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-tag-parser==3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-blogs
    #   django-fluent-comments
    #   django-fluent-contents
    #   django-fluent-pages
    #   django-polymorphic-tree
django-taggit==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-template-analyzer==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-contents
django-threadedcomments==1.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-tinymce==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-webmaster-verification==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-wysiwyg==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-contents
    #   fluentcms-googlemaps
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-contents
fluentcms-button==2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fluentcms-contactform==2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fluentcms-cookielaw==2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fluentcms-countdown==1.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fluentcms-emailtemplates==2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fluentcms-file==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fluentcms-googlemaps==1.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fluentcms-jumbotron==2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fluentcms-link==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fluentcms-pager==2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fluentcms-privatenotes==2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fluentcms-teaser==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fluentcms-twitterfeed==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   django-fluent-contents
    #   django-fluent-dashboard
    #   django-fluent-pages
geographiclib==1.52
    # via geopy
geopy==2.2.0
    # via fluentcms-googlemaps
html2text==2020.1.16
    # via fluentcms-emailtemplates
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-contents
    #   textile
idna==3.2
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.8.1
    # via
    #   markdown
    #   pluggy
    #   pytest
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
markdown==3.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-contents
micawber==0.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-contents
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
phonenumberslite==8.12.31
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pillow==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-pages
    #   django-simple-captcha
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
psycopg2==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pygments==2.10.0
    # via django-fluent-contents
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-sugar
pytest-cov==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pytest-django==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pytest-sugar==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-akismet==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-comments
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-redis
regex==2021.8.28
    # via textile
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   django-healthchecks
    #   python-akismet
sentry-sdk==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   django-filebrowser-no-grappelli
    #   django-fluent-contents
    #   django-healthchecks
    #   django-simple-captcha
    #   html5lib
    #   python-memcached
smartypants==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
sorl-thumbnail==12.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
taggit-selectize==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via pytest-sugar
textile==4.0.1
    # via django-fluent-contents
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
twitter-text==3.0
    # via fluentcms-twitterfeed
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via importlib-metadata
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via fluentcms-googlemaps
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.19.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
whitenoise==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
wsgiunproxy==1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
zipp==3.5.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
